#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
attrs==22.2.0
    # via jsonschema
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via directory-components
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via zenpy
celery[redis]==5.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
cron-descriptor==1.4.0
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cryptography
directory-components==40.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==24.1.0
    # via directory-components
directory-healthcheck==3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-cryptography
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-cryptography
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cryptography==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.17.0
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-json-widget==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-pglocks==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ratelimit==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-staff-sso-client==4.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   sigauth
docopt==0.6.2
    # via notifications-python-client
drf-spectacular==0.26.2
    # via -r requirements.in
elastic-apm==6.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   directory-components
    #   drf-spectacular
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via sigauth
notifications-python-client==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notifications-python-client
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-crontab==2.7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   python-crontab
    #   zenpy
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   zenpy
pyyaml==6.0
    # via drf-spectacular
redis==4.4.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-redis
requests[security]==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   zenpy
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-staff-sso-client
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==5.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   django-pglocks
    #   jsonschema
    #   mohawk
    #   python-dateutil
    #   zenpy
soupsieve==2.4
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
tzdata==2023.3
    # via django-celery-beat
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
whitenoise==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
zenpy==2.0.46
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
